fix: Update z-index for New Folder dialog (#2453)
Jahia/jcontent: .chachalog/f3WItMDu.md

---
# Allowed version bumps: patch, minor, major
"@jahia/jcontent": minor
---

> Update z-index for New folder dialog (#2453)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the New Folder dialog was hidden behind other modal dialogs (#2453)
```
